Update S2S posts (#1196)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: _posts/2026-06-10-announcing-the-seeds-to-system-training-pilot-cohort.md

Learn more and [register here]({% link _posts/2026-06-10-seeds-to-system-training-community-consultation-workshops.md %}).

### Experts and Knowledge Sharing

We are also inviting people with practical experience in leading and sustaining open research communities to contribute to the development and delivery of the curriculum. Contributions might include joining a community consultation workshop, reviewing curriculum materials, or participating as a trainer or mentor during the pilot cohort. Details will be shared soon. 

### Pilot cohort

The pilot cohort is designed for individuals or teams who already have experience running their own open science initiatives, and who are interested in planning for long term sustainability, including, but not limited to, securing funding. 

Participants from the OLS community and projects that have participated in Open Seeds are likely to be strong candidates for the pilot. We view the pilot cohort as an opportunity to shape the curriculum.

> Time commitment: The cohort component of the training will run for six weeks, with two 3-hour sessions per week. The mentoring component involves weekly meetings for another six weeks.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time commitment: We are finalising the cohort structure. The expected time commitment for participants is 5h per week for 8-10 weeks, including live sessions, self-paced work, and mentoring sessions.  
```

Author: thanks!
